Did you know that only two percent of
our nation is involved in agricultural production
for everything we eat?
And of that, two percent of people.
Only two tenths of a percent of that
two percent is responsible for the actual production
and growing of that food.
And the people who actually touch the food.
That whole two percent is all the grocery
stores, the bagger boys, the truck drivers,
everybody who's involved in the transport
and processing of that food.
If you think about it, if anything
ever happened to our agriculturally productive land,
prices of our food is going to skyrocket.
I'm very skeptical of our country's food system right
now, and that's why I love to grow.
And, you know, provide as much food
on our local lands as we can.
You know, like any way you can offset supporting
this super fragile system I think is a
good way to do because guess what?
Man, that's also a life skill.
So when this food system inevitably does crash, if
you know how to grow some food or
plant some seed or if you've touched the soil
and grown something to nurture it so that
we in turn it nurtures you, then you have
that skill that you can carry on forever and
you can show other people and you'll have to
be dependent on a food system that's so
fragile.